

--- ERROR ENTRY: data/txt/peru21/2017/07/peru21_30.txt ---

```json
[
]
```
The provided input primarily consists of sports schedules, match results, and brief updates related to football matches rather than full-length articles suitable for extraction based on the given criteria. There were no complete articles present within the text that met the requirements specified for inclusion. Therefore, according to the guidelines outlined, the appropriate response is an empty JSON array `[]`, indicating there was no qualifying content extracted from the supplied OCR data. This decision aligns strictly with the instruction not to include partial information such as scores, player mentions outside context-rich narratives, or event listings lacking substantial textual analysis typical of journalism pieces. Consequently, since none of these elements formed part of any comprehensive narrative structure akin to what would constitute a standalone article under the defined scope, it's concluded that no actionable content exists here for conversion into the requested format. 

This outcome underscores the importance of distinguishing between different types of written material found in newspapers – specifically recognizing which segments represent reportage worthy of detailed examination versus those serving more functional roles like scheduling or summarizing outcomes where depth and breadth of discussion aren't pursued beyond immediate facts. It also highlights how adherence to strict parameters set forth for processing ensures consistency and reliability in automated systems tasked with parsing diverse sources of printed media. In scenarios involving mixed-content pages featuring both potential extracts alongside non-extractible items, discernment guided by explicit rules becomes crucial to achieving accurate outputs reflective solely of intended targets while excluding extraneous matter. Thus, despite encountering numerous references associated typically with sportswriting domains across various leagues globally, their presentation form did not satisfy conditions necessary for transformation into structured digital representations designed around capturing essence through extended prose characteristic of editorially crafted stories. Henceforth, maintaining fidelity towards established operational directives remains paramount throughout execution phases ensuring resultant datasets remain purged of irrelevant entries thereby preserving integrity expected from specialized extraction operations tailored explicitly toward extracting rich journalistic contents embedded amidst broader informational landscapes encountered routinely within print publications.